CMake Inteface implementation (#30)
KdotJPG/OpenSimplex2: CMakeLists.txt

cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.19)

set(CURRENT_PROJECT "OpenSimplex2Interface")

option(OPENSIMPLEX_C "Enable build old C implementation instead Rust" OFF)

> option(OPENSIMPLEX_RUST "Enable build old C implementation instead Rust" ON)

Author: ```suggestion
option(OPENSIMPLEX_C "Enable/Disable build of the old C implementation" OFF)
option(OPENSIMPLEX_RUST "Enable/Disable build of the main Rust implementation" ON)
```
